Disclaimer

Adamson Brothers Corp, Inc. d/b/a Directlylisted.com (“Directly Listed”), which is neither a registered broker-dealer, investment advisor nor funding portal. We are B2B institutional platform conducts direct exchange listings services for our sophisticated institutional clients. Directly listed platform permits prospective institutional clients to independently search and prepare for their own direct exchange listing.  

Directly Listed and its affiliates do not offer investment advice or analysis, nor do they endorse or recommend investments in any company or the suitability of an investment for any particular investor. The information on our website regarding any company or in a blog post is based on publicly available information or directly from the subject company. Directly Listed and its affiliates make no representation or warranty as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are our own, are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice. Blog posts have been prepared solely for informative purposes and are not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.

Please be aware that Directly Listed or its affiliates receive fees from companies posted on our website at www.DirectlyListed.com. Details about our compensation are disclosed in the offering materials for each company conducting its own listing.  

Directly Listed may choose to compensate outside sources to help market our business and to receive introductions to possible issuers. Compensation to such parties will not be based on the success or size of any transaction. Fees are not based directly or indirectly.

Blog posts or the posting of information on our website regarding any company, including any links to information either in the blog post or on our website, should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever. Links are provided for information only and Directly Listed and its affiliates are not responsible for any information at the sites linked to. Blog posts do not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor, and each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and current financial circumstances. Any person considering any investment is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand.

All investments entail risk. The companies on our site are generally small or early-stage companies and are subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company as well as other risks specific to their business and operations. In addition, securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale. Therefore, no one should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment. You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.

You should thoroughly review the complete offering materials for any investment opportunity, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment.

By accessing blog posts and our website, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright © 2023 Directly Listed - All rights reserved.