Privacy Policy

About this Policy

Adamson Brothers Corp, Inc. d/b/a Directlylisted.com. (“Directly Listed”) Provides An Intermediary Technology Platform Located At www.DirectlyListed.Com (“Platform” Or “Site”) For Prospective Institutions To Independently Search And list its securities on a National Exchange. Directly listed is neither a registered broker-dealer, investment advisor nor funding portal. We are B2B institutional platform conducts direct exchange listings services for our sophisticated institutional clients. 

Directly listed platform permits prospective institutional clients to independently search and prepare for their own direct exchange listing.  As explained below, we collect information from users (“you”, “your”, or “User”) in various ways when you interact with our Site.  

By using our Site, you consent to our collection and use of information as explained in this Privacy Notice and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use.  

Information, Interactions, and Third-Party Services:

Collection of Information

Directly Listed collects non-personally identifiable information from you regarding your usage of our Site (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). Non-Personally Identifiable Information may include, without limitation, Site pages viewed, websites visited before visiting the Site, frequency of visits, clickstream data, browser type, operating system, organization name, internet connection speed, presentations and videos viewed, time spent viewing pages of our Site or using certain features of our Site, demographic data such as server locations, clickstream data, location services, server location, cookies existing on your computer, search criteria used and results, date and time of access or visits to our Site, frequency of visits to our Site, connection speed, and other information which does not specifically identify you.  We collect this information using various technologies (some of which are described below), including, but not limited to, cookies, web beacons, web session variables, server log files, clear gifs, browser plug-ins or add-ons, or Javascript. “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Site. A “web beacon,” or “Internet tag” is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a website or in an email which allows a website to record the simple actions of the User opening the Web page that contains the beacon. “Server logs” can be either a single log file or several log files automatically created and maintained by a server of activity performed by the server, which can include information about any transaction you conduct with the server. 

Directly Listed also collects personal information from you (“Personally Identifiable Information”) when you sign up for an account, send us an email through the Site, sign up for or purchase a service through the Site.  Personally Identifiable Information refers to non-public information that identifies you (such as your name, password, age and date of birth, gender, email address, postal mailing address, home/mobile telephone number, social security number/taxpayer identification number, driver’s license number, passport number, Internet protocol (“IP”) address, or other similar identifiers that permit the physical or online identification of a specific individual. We request that you provide us with other personal information, including, but not limited to, your personal or company social media profile, demographic information, financial information about issuers financial information about individuals (i.e. net worth) and other information requested from time to time. We may also collect and store information, which could include Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, locally on your computer or device using mechanisms such as browser web storage or application data caches.  However, not all Non-Personally Identifiable Information and Personally Identifiable Information is stored.

We may use analytics programs and service providers, such as Google Analytics, which can use first party cookies to report on your interactions with the Site. Google Analytics collects information including, but not limited to, the time of each of your visits to the Site, whether you have visited the Site before, what website referred you to the Site, and what pages you viewed on the Site.

This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection of information by cookies or other methods by such Third-Party Services or other third parties, such as our business partners. We do not control how these Third Party Services or third parties collect information or by what means such Third Party Services or third parties may use their own cookies to collect information about you.

Use of Information

Directly Listed will use information that you provide consistent with this Privacy Notice. Directly Listed will use information that you provide to us, including Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, to better serve you and enhance your experience with this Site, among other things. This may include having to modify or copy such Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information, or other information such as images or textual content you provide, in order to provide you with a seamless and enjoyable experience.

To this end, you consent to our use and disclosure of any information submitted to or collected by us via your use of this Site, and you acknowledge that you have no expectation of privacy, confidentiality or privilege in such information unless as provided by law.

Directly Listed may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information and Personally Identifiable Information: (1) to market our products and services to you; (2) to provide services and products requested by you; (3) to provide targeted advertisements and messages on our Site to you or other users of our Site; (4) to enable our vendors and contractors to provide and assist us in the marketing, operation, troubleshooting and analysis of our Site and other services; (5) to conduct research and analyze data to improve our products, services, and Site; (6) to deliver special offers, updates, newsletters, customer service, and service announcements to you and other users; (7) to verify User information; (8) to protect our Site or its Users; (9) to engage in any other lawful business activities that are consistent with the foregoing; and (10) as required by or to comply with law or our Company policies or to protect us from legal liability.  We may provide any of these services through third parties, which may necessitate sharing Non-Personally Identifiable Information or Personally Identifiable Information with them.





Third Party Sites and Services

The Site contains links to other websites and services not maintained by Directly Listed.  In addition, other websites and services may also reference or link to the Site. We encourage you to be aware when you enter or leave our Site, or surf the Internet, and to read the privacy statements of each website and service that you visit.  We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites or services.

Messaging

The Site permits Users to communicate with companies and other Users posting information on the Site.  We may read, collect and analyze information transmitted between Users for regulatory compliance and marketing purposes.  We do not guarantee that information provided by Site visitors or investors is accurate or complete. Directly Listed assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of its Site.

Legal Disclosures

Changes to this Privacy Notice

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to our Site. You should review this Privacy Notice regularly for changes and can determine if changes have been made by checking the Effective Date below. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Notice means you accept such changes.

Applicable Law and Jurisdiction

The Site is maintained in the United States of America. By accessing the Site, you consent to and authorize the export of Personally Identifiable Information to the United States of America and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Notice.

This Privacy Notice shall be governed by, construed and entered in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts deemed to be made within such state, without regard to choice of law or conflict of law provisions thereof. All disputes with respect to this Privacy Notice shall be brought and heard either in the New York state courts located in New York County, New York, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. You consent to the in personam jurisdiction and venue of such courts. YOU HEREBY WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS AGREEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.